Will Wii Rock You? The Nintendo Revolution Gets a Name Change…
Published on April 28, 2006.
So Nintendo has changed the name of its next-gen console from Revolution to “ Wii .”
Uh, Wii? So far, the reaction has been pretty tepid.
And by tepid, I mean people hate the name.
There are even conspiracy theories saying that the name is a hoax and they’ll announce the “real” name at E3…
What do I think?
A name change is not gonna kill the system.
Unless they decided to call it the “Nazi KKK 64” or something like that.
I liked “Revolution,” personally, but whatever.
As long as they release it in lime green, I will buy it (notice the color scheme of my blog?).
That, and they must have a Mario game at launch.